So we want to talk about the just the kind of, mainly the pricing and flow approach for the for the salon owners, right? And that's kind of the tackle here. So let's just recap kind of what we were just, just so it's in the notes, like what we're thinking, and we can kind of brainstorm what that that looks like. So you first of all, where there was the the
question about just the flow for salon owners when they join the app, and the challenge of like, how do we, how do we get them engaged with Ray, if needed, and we talked about wanting there might be a possibility where we where
we promote, or we push, like a conversation or a free call with Ray on the marketing side of things, like on email campaigns, all that, but In terms of the app flow we would have. So basically, the way they download the app, anybody can download the app for free, and they're prompted with an onboarding and then there would be, there would be essentially three options, whether they would say, Are you a salon owner looking to grow the skills of your team? Are you an individual stylist looking to grow your business, or are you a customer client just wanting to get your hair done? Yeah. Look for a stylus. Yeah.
And then the thought here was that that would then create a profile type for whatever they select in order to have their own kind of display of their dashboard so that the content is delivered in the appropriate manner, right?
So for salon owner, things that would be included in that are some of the main things, obviously, they would get their own dashboard? Well, no, so sorry, they're still on the free tier. Here, we would be able to, just from a marketing stance, be able to push or tailor the messaging to that to upsell the salon subscription.
There would probably be on the salon side, a little button for them to book a live event, right?
And then we try to think about the free tier. We'll just stick there for now before anything, anybody subscribes then, then on the salon owner side, you or sorry that the individual we would have it would be kind of what it is now, which is the, you know, everybody would have access to the community, except for the the
customers. Right, right, right, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. So, if I, if I'm a swan student, and I sign in to my like, or I fill out the initial questionnaire, and you're like, Okay, salon students, Dude, did the salon students and the salon owners both get shuttled to Bob University interface? Or is it that they get shuttled to a single dashboard first and then they click into Bob university right? Which, which flow works better? Or makes more sense?
Yeah,
it might make more sense that there's, like, a hamburger menu that's like, see my dashboard, or something like that, right? So, like, like, the initial thing, like, they don't even know that it's shuttling them somewhere, right, shuttling them all to Bobby and then it's like education.
Maybe it's like mapped out where it's like education here, yep, like a nice homepage, pretty much trying to figure out, like, how would the pawn owner know that she's seeing everything the way that a single stylist would see it. And so that's why I'm like debating, like, Does that even make sense for her? Because then she's gonna see all the single pilot like, is she gonna see all the single stylist pricing? Yeah, on that page, yeah.
I don't think the pricing would be listed there, okay? Because that's really like, the only time you see pricing is when you are content blocked and you're you're clicking, like, to subscribe, right? So it would be that will have natural points where you are, you would need to subscribe right where. So, like, on the homepage, right? At least that is as it is now that there's, it's sort of just like feature, course, like this. It's really just displaying some of the things that are happening, or, like, the most recent or whatever you'd want to promote on there.
So you might click into a module, and then you have like, three free videos, and then everything else shows is locked out, yeah. And then you would probably be, at some point even like, a screen that pops up it says, like, enjoying the app, like, ready to subscribe. You know, as you would, they could leave it or click, click to see, but then they would see a pricing, pricing options between individual and salon owner, with clear value propositions under each so on the individual, it would just be like, you know, pretty much what, what they're getting, the access to the to all the modules, as long as they're subscribed, and then, yeah, the salon owner, those would be the specific ones with, we talked about even, like, do we incentivize with, like, one Free certification, or five, includes five seats with the ability to add more seats if needed.
Full like admin management dashboard as well.
Show like, oh, there's a clear distinction between these two. And then we could even outline the price difference per seat as well. It says, like, you get a 30% discount per seat on just just by signing up as a salon, and then possibly even adding, like, a yearly option as well, if they wanted to just pay for a year. Yeah, and then you could offer even, like a little, I don't know, it depends on how much discount you want to start pushing, you know, because it eats into margins. But yeah, I think,
yeah, I'm torn on that. I think if we would have to bump up the price, then to give them bump up the base price.
Yeah, already such so low.
Yeah, right on that. So, like, originally the plan was, and I don't even really love the pricing thing, the only reason I bring it up until we could be like, do we need to find something better? Yeah, but it all kind of stems from, I think, the fact that we wanted most of them to sit in the middle. The middle tier was supposed to be the one that includes Bob University. Doesn't include live anything, but includes the certification workshop, which is like the four week live intensive array. So it's 90 minutes every Monday they come and they basically work through all of the certification syllabus, and then at the end of the four weeks, they're supposed to test out, and then they're considered certified.
So that's the certification process that was supposed to be all included for everyone on their team at like 35 okay, we need to cross out that whole tier and just do these or live. You know, it's either virtual, or you can start virtually in the membership at whatever we had said, Yeah, we said we wanted to keep it around $1,000 a year. So either we advertise it at 499, slash it out it's 997, or you pay for it monthly, and it equals, it equals like 1500 in a year, unless you pay for it all at once, and it's like 1200 Yeah, right. You know that you get in under 997 Yeah, that's like an easy yes. It's not a lot of thought, yeah, yes. Let me do that 997, and then then we try and upsell them, each person into the membership. And that's where I get a little stuck, is I don't know what to charge for the membership. The
single stylist are paying.
They've paid anywhere between like 297, and 497. Just depending on what our what our promo was at that time for like, a lifetime membership or certification, for the certification, yeah, okay, so what happens when they get certified is they pay that one time price and then they still have to continue their membership, or else they don't get to be listed on the directory. Okay, the membership is the $49 a month. Yeah, so it gives them continued access to all the lines they have continuing education. Yeah, and then they get to be featured on the directory. Yeah, they have to be a current member to be featured on the direct. Okay. Well, just a thought here, this could actually be a good tactic for to reduce churn a little bit. Say that they're like, I just like a scenario where they're like, Okay, I paid this $300 like, I'm down, paying additional $50 a month to be, to be on this. I'm not really using the course anymore, like, whatever. And they just try to go cancel. Yeah, right. If there are these little things that, hey, just so you know, you will be removed. You're certified. You'll be removed from the directory. If you'd like to pay $15 a month to stay in the directory, which you can do that and not but not get all the course features that's more complicated, though. No, I like it, yeah, but, and I've thought about that myself, yeah, is there a reduced price for people that just want to be listening? Price for people that just want to be listed on the directory? Here's my issue with that, twofold. Number one is I've paid for multiple directories doing my body works, yeah, and not directories, but membership, yeah, it works to where you have to pay to stay on the directory, or else you just call on Yeah, and it's somewhere between 50 and $99 a month just to be on the drive. Oh, wow. Okay, and in the way you think about it is, well, am I getting, am I at least getting that much in, like, potential members, right? So they have to weigh that over the course of, like, a year, yeah. Like, how many clients Am I getting from it? Yep. So my goal is that they would get at least, I mean, if you think about $49 a month, and if you get one client or two clients a year, yeah, the goal would be to get them. That's what I really want for them. But the secondary goal is, if we're telling the public that these people are certified, then it kind of gives the impression that they have some kind of continuing education. They're not just certified for life, right? Oh yeah, yeah, that's I see figure out. Like, how do we know that they're like, validates them pretty much modern like, techniques and skills? Do you just take the thing once and you're like, good forever? Maybe, yeah. Or do we go, well, there has to be some kind of like trust that the client goes, Okay, well, they have access to continuing education. Or do they have to read? Do they have to redo something every three years, which is typically, like, my certifications, you have to retest every couple years, right? Yeah, no. Cost something like, there's some cost, like a renewal fee, yeah, yeah. I don't know if we want to do the renewal, making it a big deal, and it's, like, probably not that big, yeah, right, that, and that would, I think I would lean on your guys's like expertise, just like in the that's like, kind of an industry thing too. Because, because I as a client, I could go, I don't really get there. I love the way that ray does hair. They're certified to him, and I'm not asking any more questions, right? You know, so, but you know, because they see that badge, but you know, because it ultimately does fall into their lap like they're the stylist, has to be like, what does it cost to like, what does it cost to be on a directory somewhere? Yeah, it's, there's, it's usually especially valuable directory. It's not $49 Right, right? So I think too it could be like, I would like this, I would like the pricing for it, and say, like, it's advertising, and you get the course, yes, so it's kind of like you get the advertising for free, yeah, yeah. Like, keep the coursework. You might want it again. This is, it's so cheap, like, honestly, right? If you're really thinking about like a business owner, and it's a write off, yeah, because it's education, right? And it's advertising, so one or the other, pick one. That's true, yeah, that's, yeah, that's
a good point. No, yeah, yeah, and that's, that's maybe some things you know, you could,
like, we will develop an exit survey too, so people that I've described will, know, yeah, like, just get some basics. Like, was it because of price? I wasn't using it? Like, yeah. And then, you know, as churn happens over the next years, we'll have enough data to, like, to maybe pivot on that sub too, because, because it might be that we just keep it simple, yeah, you know. And, and, like, just, just keep it that, that same monthly subscription, like you're saying, right?
Because the value is there, regardless if you're using just for advertising or just for education, yeah. Like, it's a very good price. Yeah, I could see if it was like, 97 months or 150 a month, yeah, yeah. And I could be like, Oh, sure. Like, let's drop it down just for people that want to be in the director, yes. Also, there's an element, I think, for the people who have gone through the certification, that it feels more valuable to them when there is a little bit more of an effort required by others. So they sort of are in this elite group. You know, it is an elite group. And actually have that written down here on listening. It's awesome. But the intention of that, that is the smallest group out of you know, and it's like you've paid specifically to be under raised mentorship, and if you want to be associate, if you want to ride, yeah, and I'm not saying like anything, but like he wasn't following, he has built over a decade into growing his business. Yeah, if you want to hang on and you can even steal all this content, just repost it. Yeah, raise my mentor. Yeah, yeah. So there's a lot of value there. And I think maybe if we just do a better job of pricing, bring it and helping them understand the value, maybe they'll Yes, I would be not opposed to being like, Would you like? Would you like two months? Can they give you two months free? Would that help you out type thing, like an exit sticky, yeah, position they don't have any money that month. Yeah,
we'll do three months free, yep. Would that entice you to step right? And we'll see if that's a good strategy too, because oftentimes, even though
forget,
you're like, Oh yeah,
well, that's kind of the world we live in, you Know, with like, I mean, gosh, yeah, oh yeah,
yeah.
Was it me? Was it emotionally?
No, it's true, yeah, yeah, and there's
messages are leading. Oh, so you want to suck now. Okay,
going back to the loser club.
Honestly, if I saw it like I guess I have to stay, probably
not insulting.
I think everything is about getting them to under I've just been learning so much about the price anchoring aspect. Yes, how to price yourself and like, if you can think for the price of something else that makes sense to them, then it's that the values there, yep, yep, and they'll figure out a way to pay for it, right? And I showed you that value equation thing, right? Where they I think that's a great like framework as well. Pull it up here, and
I mean, I know, of course, and, and there's some, some things of understanding, just like industry churn, you know that we're like, what's good? You know it's like, I know that, like, they say 5% churn is like, healthy, okay, so anything, anything like eight, eight and above is, is it's like, you're there's probably something not working.
Yeah, red flags.
Yeah, one out of every, every, yeah, yeah.
This is so it's yeah, that the top ones are things you want to increase, and these ones you want to attempt to decrease. Okay, yeah. So, like, the this the emotional one, right? It's like, what's that's the personal significance of, like, you know, getting your life back, like, being able to have more, more income. Like, you know, tying it the messaging to those things in your offer, the perceived likely, like, is it even possible that I could get to that point? It's like, yeah. Like, there's a clear framework and step process and path. Like, just follow it, trust the process, and you'll be there, right?
The trust coefficient. I mean, that's built in to raise credibility. You know, it's like he has the know how. So there's all those things that go into that, but I, I like it because it's yeah, and then these ones, like me on text, yeah, I'll send it to you. Super helpful to see it all in a visual, because then we can use that as, like a check sheet to be like, have we accomplished a lot of these things, right?
So I think then on the going back to the pricing, is what I didn't like, was it felt maybe like what I put in the chat GPT, and they're like, well, you're kind of like, consume what do they call it? Like cannibalizing your high end offer or something, by making a mid tier offer so close to the high tier offer, yeah, and so, okay, well, maybe we just don't need the mid tier offer and we only offer, you know, virtual with certification upgrades, yeah and, or in person, and you're talking about this certification the salon pricing,
yeah, for the salon owner, they either have the option of joining virtually, like their team, can join all of the coursework. They can, okay, enter into the certification process, which is, every quarter we have, we have a four week certification live.
Oh, okay, okay, they have to register, yeah, and then they're a part of, like, an elite group that is meeting one on one, okay, okay, to go through that certification process. And then they're certified. Baked into the pricing of the membership already or no, they have to upgrade.
Okay?
Their base price is 150 a month, or
something like that. This is for a salon owner, or say they have three stylists that have a lot of potential. They have five stylists in there, but they have three that have a lot of potential. They want to get these ones certified.
They then pay the upgrade price put them into the certification cohort.
Yep. So what the price is, I don't know, but a single, single student is currently paying anywhere between 306 $100 for the certification. And the last one we did was, gosh, I think it was like 397 Yeah. Have you been able to know I feel when there's been resistance or not on any of those, like, any of the higher points, it was confusing, because when we were pricing it higher, we were, we were not selling it as a membership, so it was just a single point certification, okay, so that was, like a one time product, and then then we switched, okay, the membership. Okay. So it's hard to compare the apples to oranges and yeah. So I think when we put it as a membership, and then they could choose to upgrade into the certification, it was 297, okay, we had a 30% upsell conversion.
Oh, wow. So they came in, we had 33 students. I think somewhere between eight and 10 of them went into the certification, great, okay, 97 extra, yeah, yeah. I feel like that's a pretty healthy number, probably what you'd expect, right? Yeah, did they all finish it? No, yeah, but they bought in, yeah, they all came to the classes, but then some of them didn't test out, which I think is natural, yeah. So then the question is, if they're, if we're paying 297 for a single stylist currently, yeah, these guys would have just saved,
right? Because that's where more like the goal would be that they keep sending silence and they're like a repeat customer, yeah, so then they would technically want to get Yeah, right, right, yeah. Because, I mean, you could even say, rather than, it's 30% we'll, we'll pay X amount of dollars of your stylist certification. Like, we're, you know, we're paying for some of it you've just made. Yeah, like, yeah, exactly. Like, I mean, it's just discount, really, yeah, right. Well, that's a value statement, right? Like, we're, you're investing in this, and we want to, like, see them, yeah, yeah, right. And, I mean, that feels right that you would have, like, one of the benefits of the salon package would be that you would get like, access to these because you're buying in bulk, right? And which naturally should have, like, a discount, like in a group rate.
So probably
not half, I mean, I would say, like, I don't know because,
or like, yeah, right, yeah. How do we? How do we that this is, we're at that point where pricing feels so, like, arbitrary, some of these things, you know, like, what will they pay for it? Yeah, because, and how could we, like, I mean, let's just think about the stylist themselves. The like, what's the value anchor of 297, right?
That's, that's a pretty affordable certification for what you're getting, right? So what are they getting? Are six, $700 in this industry, yeah. And the reason why we dropped it to 297, is because this is what we we decided that we only start with a box, yeah, and then we're going to offer, eventually a pixie and a shack. Yeah? Okay, nice, multiple upsells, yeah? Instead of what we were doing was they were getting them all Yeah, in one, and they were totally overwhelmed, yeah. And then they weren't testing out stuff. They were like, Let's break this up. It's also a smart business move, right? Because if you solve one problem, then they have a new one.
Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's not that this is the only upsell that we're gonna hopefully offer multiple but absolutely right. But what's the friction for the salon owner? So I almost AM, like, increase this cost, but then there's friction there? Well, think about, I think about it from a yearly perspective, right? This is something that's helpful for me to to think about, like, what to charge? Like, it's the pricing towards individuals is very different than pricing towards a business somebody, you know, because they're, they're already thinking at scale and everything and everything's an ROI at that point. So it's like, what's the ROI of an investment for? Let's just say it's $3,000 a year. You know, for a salon owner, that's actually pretty damn
I know I'm trying. It's like, I'm like, so afraid of rejection, so then you, like, keep bumping down the price. I don't think that's necessarily Yes. So another thing, this is another thing too, is back to Alex hormoza. He's a big advocate of, of, like, of actually pricing higher, yeah, because there's a few things that happen from that like, it's like, you all now psychologically are in a different like category of value than like. Then like everybody else where they Google naturally, like, wow, they must. There must be something really big here and there is like, you deliver the value. It's not just false value, right?
But, like, there's a psychological thing that happens when, when there's like, wow, I'm actually making, like, a purchase decision for this thing, yeah, you know, so like, some something to say about that, rather than just, you know, trying to, trying to compete on price for, you know, for and, or, you know, fear, fear rejection and things like that too. So okay, now that you say that, my thought goes back to like, what if you increase this price?
Yeah, so then they have that value of like, right? Anytime someone wants to get certified, totally because what's the cost? It's probably nothing right, to, to, like, for, for you guys, what's the cost of services to deliver the certification to? You know, one versus 100 is like, nothing, right? It's yeah, and to honestly, if they were, if they were someone who's like, well, let me see what the single stylist, they probably won't even
think about that honestly. Yeah, certification. And then let's just say we add in the $600 a year. Yeah,
right for one stylist, yeah, five seats, let's just give them a price of like, three. So at three stylus, the retail price would be 691,
yeah, plus for the certifications, this would be just for the price of like, yeah, the certification and this and the one year membership for So, yeah, right. But if you're offering five seats to two additional, of course, yeah, they get five seats and it's, you know, what's this, plus two more memberships,
each membership and a year long. So your long membership and the certification is almost 900 it's 897, times five. The value, right?
Comparative value. So that's what it would cost if they, if they put them in singing exactly for five people. Yeah.
So we're gonna give it. We're gonna give it to you.
Yeah, even 3000 like, you know, like, again, just as a value, just like, straight value. Like, someone says, like, I'm giving $3,000 like, they're probably not gonna break down, like you said, break down like all the individual, they'll just think, what's 3000 divided by five? Like, for five stylists, yeah, and then my return on that is massive, because they're getting clients, like, they're there's more, right? That's kind of like, my only issue with that is, I don't know that five people with the average, right? We've been throwing that number out kind of, like, randomly, yeah. So I think that we're seeing anywhere between four and six, okay, it's like either, of course, they put within a year they have unlimited seat shuffling, yeah. So it's like they have five active seats. They could have 10 pilots in there if they wanted. Yeah, we could give them, you know, less active seats, yeah.
How does that? How does that work with the community? Because, well, no, the community is always free so they they can keep their profile. They just aren't, they don't get the premium benefits, so when they're not active under a salon code or whatever. So Okay, start. Yeah, now, now, does this cannibalize raise in person offer?
Is the question, because let's say it's if it's 3000 Ray's only wanting to charge like four or 4500 to go in person somewhere's experience that the salon owners are willing to show out for an in person class,
not more, or, I think you should charge more, but he's like, you're already struggling to get people to book at like 4000
because it's like a one day. I'm just, I don't know that. It's always a scary thought just to go, like, what if you charge 10, right? Would you see conversions go up?
Because there again, there's this, like, wow, he can charge $10,000 you know, yeah, especially your back.
Oh, listen, that's, and I'm like, That's Dreamland. You have to, like, be happy with, like, those are good, yes. Like, you should be at a place where you're getting like, 30% right? Then you should be like, Okay. Like, why do you want everyone to say yes, he's not. He doesn't have enough time to get on sales calls. It's a problem. So when he does come across the lead, he doesn't
want to really, you know, I don't want to lose him. Yeah, it's interesting, because I'm sure there's a he's, he's really natural speaker, but I'm curious how much desperation comes through in those calls. I can hear him. Yeah, he's talking a mile a minute, yeah. Did you see that video I sent you about that I watched like 70% of it, and then my kids were like, Yeah, I'll come back. Okay, so I think there's some things in there. I'm like, think he's on to where he's talking about, like, you make you make them qualify. Like, flip the psychological script, where it's like, hey, I really just calling to see if your salon that's a fit for me. You know, not, and not everyone qualifies, which is, you know, fine, but there's, there's some, there's some things that I just want to make sure that there's, there's alignment there before we, you know, before you make this kind of commitment, or before I, before I, you know, accept you as like a funny because they did that to me on my strategy call. And I really and I was immediately like, and I knew this. I knew this is like, I just want to see if your business is one that we think we could actually help. And sometimes, of course, it is, yeah, then you're trying to sell yourself to them.
Yeah, I want to work with you. I've already decided, yeah, which I, I've already tried a couple, in a couple different ways, with like, and it's nothing like, it's actually, it's actually a really good, like, mental perspective as a business owner, too, because you're, you're also, like, getting really quality clients And and you're comfortable, like, with the walk away.
Yeah, yes, okay, so what's he about? 4000 Yeah. He's like, 4000 right now, yeah, so, so he could effectively have one out of every two. No, he could have a 50% conversion Yeah, 50% conversion rate, and still be winning more than the 4000 of these charging 10. Does that make
sense? Just said the same thing.
It's fine. I says, yeah. I said, Yeah.
What if we're like 59 and that's
including travel. The 4000 is including Trump, yeah, he's barely making double what you think in this. Yeah,
right, right.
Like, and you're leaving your family for this. Yeah?
Absolutely right, yeah, because you don't want to like then you're under pricing this item too, just so that you're not eating up for life. Because we want to charge what? 2800 2600 for this, yeah, but we can't, because the other one's only four cans. So why would they pay this for virtual and they can bring you out for another Exactly, yeah, there's, there's a story, or Alex was talking about where he was doing consulting for gyms, and he was, yeah, he was charging like $5,000 a trip. He was just overworked. He's overbooked. And he's like, let me just go to half a million.
And all of a sudden, like, well, he was, he was getting better, like, better conversions, which is crazy because, like, and then people were flying him out and saying yes to this. Like, yes, like, for half, for 500 grand to go consult the gym. Because to them, like his, his transformation was offering was that 500 grand becomes 3 million, like, in their pockets, it was just like, they're like, yeah, no question, right? But 5000 he wasn't converting as well, because they were like, must be. It's really that good. It's worth our time. Yeah? All of a sudden it was, like, worth or like, now it's like, the company's invested. We're going to, like, really pay attention, and we make sure this is something that is like, I don't know, it's hard,
yeah,
Quality clients too, because they're out there.
Yeah, he's charging. 10 grand. He could expand his services in Europe and, like, all those like, and that's what we want to do. We wanted to kind of be able to be like, yeah, we'll be able to sell in Europe. By the way, I was able to submit the there's, like, a whole forget, it's a European thing that you have to qualify for. And you guys like, pass so, so we'll be able to distribute that in Europe, but they saw a picture of Ray wearing a hat.
That's that's all they needed.
Don't even
send an application, just a picture. They're like, Oh, yes, we don't need your VAT. Yeah, I
think
too, especially Yes, yes, or whatever, we're also like, we tend to bump shoulders with the people that are in the same economic like circles as us.
Yeah, it's true. People don't have a lot of money and yeah, like, which is fine. I mean, it's like, but like, there are people out there willing to pay, yeah, yeah. And like, there's probably these, like, way up their salons that are, you know, thinking like, Beverly Hills and things like that that are like, 10 grand be like, we pay that on our product every month, you know, or whatever.
Yeah, it's true. Oh, and it's funny too, because he was kind of comparing, like, he's like, no one charges that in the industry, like, even you look at people like, famous hair teachers, and it's true,
like, show because they're all comparing to each other, I don't know, or they have, like, well, education is not their main product. Yeah, they're going in and they're selling hair tools and color lines and stuff like that. That's not our product, right? So they're that's their top up on this, like coming in and like being able to, like, be fancy and do like, a 40 minute hair product and charge you six grand. Yeah?
Look and learn. But it's not, they're not selling the transformation. They're selling the, you know, photo op, and then they want you to funnel into their hair line, right where they're making way more money on you. Yeah? We don't have a hairline education transformation, right? Yeah. So trying to get him to, like, jump on board with that is, sure, sure he's like, nicarajo is like, you know, at like, $6,000 or something to come out for a whole day, sure, yeah,
you should test it. Like, don't even just because don't, don't list your in person costs anywhere, right? Yeah. And then, like, for a phone call, just when they say, Well, how much does it cost? Just, like, without hesitation to say, it's about, it's 10 grand, yeah, and then just pause and, and I would they might go, okay, and then you go,
yeah,
I don't know. You know, is it my thought? There is, like, is it worth testing? Like, right? Just humor us,
yeah. And they're kind of attached to it, yep,
right, right, yeah. And, of course, there is like, such a thing as like, you can't just actually know you can infinitely go up in price, like, that
is always a possibility. You know, it's like, that's kind of proverbial, but it's, there's still like,
Yeah, you can't infinitely go down,
yeah, yeah. And then I wonder, too, like, have we price ourselves out with the membership being so cheap, yeah?
With the Oh, like, like, what they're paying for, for $49 a month, are people looking at them, you know? Oh, that's really cheap,
right? Yeah, the well, I again, you shouldn't go off just my opinion, but like I felt like it should have been higher, that the membership should be higher, right?
And you know, but because, yeah, it's so tough. Because, again, I mean, if we're packing all this value in here, I think it's just go back to that. It's like Carissa bought bragging universities one, and that was $1,000 flat fee up front, yeah, and she didn't even think about it, because she was just like, and they offered a payment plan for that. Okay, so that's another thing we can explore, yeah, and at that point, it's just a, like, monthly subscription anyway, but, but, but for her, she's locking in that car like, you have to pay it, you know, you're essentially, I think it's through Klarna, where you pay it's coming out.
The retailer gets the money right away.
Yeah, exactly, yeah, because they're just financing right, and at least bump it up to like 997 and they get a year, and it's just like 997 a year, and then at least we're getting $100
right for sure, yeah, or we can include the certification, which is something we've done in the past, yeah, but then you really have to message and make sure they get how valuable, yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Well, and we just get really good at our at the marketing campaigns. And, you know, Ray's really good at social, continuing to just like, multi channel approach for all of these kind of upsells. So it's like, you know, because they're you're getting that immediate value, and then, like, what's the next problem you're solving? It's like, well, you know, in his courses, he's talking about, like, he's talking about, about the importance of social and, like, how do you actually go out and do it? And, you know, building a reputation. And, you know, so it's easy to sell these things. I think, yeah, if we did go up to, like, say, we went 97 for the year, and they get split about three months, whatever, yeah, what do you think that was due to the turn rate after a year? Like? Because our goal would be like, I want to keep them on as long as possible.
We don't really have enough data to know how long they stay at a monthly right?
Yeah. I mean, I think it's always good. I I do. I told Chris, I was like, I think that the bragging. I wonder what her name is, but she, I think she should have a monthly offer too. Yeah, that collectively is over 12 months would be more like $69 sorry, like $140 a month. Yeah, right, yeah, where it's just like this, like, oh, yeah, because I pick the monthly a lot of times. No, I do too, yeah. I'm just not ready for the full commit, you know. And, and sometimes I've come across tools where they're like, it's yeah, it's just like, a year, and I'm like, Nah, you know, and I'll forget about the tool or whatever it is, forever. I didn't have that chance to make that emotional decision, you know, where it's like, like, oh yeah. I'm like, ready to start right now, but I can do a month. I can do a month, you know,
and those, those things I'm still paying for, and I need to go and cancel some of those
subscriptions for this time around.
I mean, they're getting the app access now they're getting a whole new set about.
What if we bump it to giving them the option of monthly versus yearly, and I'm kind of still thinking of them upselling them on the certification after they make that single decision, and then give them option to upsell on the individuals. I think, yeah, that's how I I thought, yeah, I think upsell is still having an upsell for certifications is smart, yeah, yeah, because it's, it feels like something special, it's elite, it's, you know, it's that extra next investment kind of thing. So then what do you think the pricing should pump up for the certification for the single Yeah, yeah. I mean, I think 150 feels right, yeah,
maybe because you're 49 right now. Is that right? Yeah.
I mean, that's essentially tripling the price. I included,
because here's the other thing you've been selling at $49 a month, first on a system that's like, just, yeah, I mean, it feels like it doesn't work, you know?
And this is like, it's, it's clean, it's like an app download. It's like, I'm getting push notifications. You know, there's all these things that are happening in there.
So what's, what's 150, times 12,
$1,800 investment for? How much? What's your potential upsell on that? Like, if you can paint the value for them, like, how many clients, they're probably going to be able to raise their prices, they're probably going to get a better client. Get a better client rate. Like, there's all these kind of promises baked in, if you trust the process. Which Ray has that formula, you know, for how to go about this, because it's skills and business. He's bringing in both those
values. This is, this is going into, like, the idea of what we talked about on the
demand. It's nothing hard. I'm just going into the office I consult for okay, I don't even know what time it is, so that I'm going in. So yeah. So before we decide on anything, I put into chatgpt, all of those little diagrams that we worked on. And it had suggested doing, like a signature membership, which is what we're talking about now. They would get all the coursework and everything, and then so they would get the core curriculum, Vault, monthly live workshop, celebrity cup breakdown, which is part of the monthly live workshop. It would be a celebrity coverage and then community access. And this more like a dip your toes in level, which is what we're currently at, $49 a month. This is what they already get. And then we we have an option to upgrade into the studio membership, which is more like elite, yeah. So the this is your core transformation layer, which includes more proximity to Ray feedback, better decision making, faster momentum, confidence.
And so it includes everything in the signature. And then they get another weekly live, which is ask Ray, which is where they can talk about any questions they have, skills, acquisition, business, pricing, that type of thing, kind of like a hot seat. And then Week Three is demand, a decision making. This is like all of his money making content. Yeah, do live for them. And then they get studio only replays and access. So they get all the content, and then they get more live interaction with Ray, okay? And so this would be like the tier two, and then the certified, certified membership is like the third tier circle where they get that additional certification. Yeah, so I would love your your feedback on Yeah, I like it because we wanted to get them more live interaction with great. Anyway, yeah, right now it's only once a month, and they have like a 90 minute session with Ray, yeah, yeah, this just is more like the point, yeah. Person who really like, they trust the process and they're ready to like, right, right.
Yeah, it's like low friction on the top of fun, yes, yeah. They come in at 40 bucks a month or 16, yep, well, and the community is still free. And I think what's an opportunity there is that they're going to be interacting with these we can put a little badge on their whatever level they're at, and people there's gonna, it's gonna feel like this little inner circle that's like talking about, like, yeah, and ray can post something like, Hey, really great talk we love, you know, just like, almost like a really short recap where he's just getting a little nugget of value into, like, what was talked about, or the question, or,
Hey, Sarah, thanks for asking this question about this and that. I thought I would share it with the broader community, you know, just like a little today.
Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah. And then it's sort of just like, keep reminding them there's this, like, studio kind of thing going on,
yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, I think that's smart,
yeah. One the format that I would kind of picture tonight is, I'm a part of this community right now for people in AI automation businesses, and it's great. The guy is that guy's name is Nick serev, but he's every, every Tuesday, at 8am 9am he does an hour long like you can join, and he takes questions through the chat, and he just will start, like, just, yep, just go through one by one. So he it's really low impact on him, because he just kind of shows up and he might have something generally he wants to talk about, like that oftentimes, is directed by the questions of the coming in from, from the members. That's like, that's included for anybody, anybody's Welcome to, like, join that. Yeah, so, like, but I'm, I'm thinking for Ray, like, he's so busy, like, what's, what's something that's gonna be like, as, like, not adding to his plate, but like, adding a another tier. We don't want to create even more work for him through, through Jesus tier edition, you know, so, so that, and that might, what I'm saying is that this might be the answer where it's like, he, he just, this is just a value add for that studio membership,
right? What you're selling now is just information. Yeah, they get one opportunity to hang out with them, but you're going through what's already Yeah, yeah. So this is more special, yeah,
definitely, yeah. And you're, I would, I would almost eliminate the third one, and just, there was a third certification, oh, that was just the upsell certification. Yeah. So you start out with, like, the signature, and then you
have a certification,
okay, which you could upsell the poll at the same class, yeah, yeah. You don't have to be a studio member, right?
I think that's smart, yeah.
So do you think the studio or the signature should bump up to like 69 or do you like it at the 49 Yeah, it's probably still, you could probably go up still top of funnel.
Little bit more on that.
Yeah, I pay 180 a month. I'll say that on this community, and I don't even think about it is I get so much value, like, because, because there's so many other community members there too, that the social aspect is massive. He will do, like, breakout groups, so he'll start, and then, like, there might be like, 50 people on this, like, call, and he'll start, like, six breakout rooms, and everyone gets split into these break rooms, and then you practice sales calls together.
You know there's just, like, little things like
that. Well, something like it doesn't have to be that. But you know what I'm saying is this community aspect, though, is very valuable, and I'm willing to pay on $80 a month for it, yeah? And I'm not even profit. I'm not even profiting right now necessarily. You know, it's like, so I would be willing to go to 69
Yeah.
Yeah.
Two,
I'm looking at you.
Oh, for the for the studio,
Yeah, cuz, what's the difference? There?
An
$80 difference. So $80 a month, they're getting this additional value, and I would justify that. I'm just trying to think of justifying like the ROI for myself. Where am I willing to pay $80 a month to get that more like direct access to to Ray, which really is like one time a week, right?
Yeah, yeah. So it's like $20 it's an extra two sessions. Yeah.
Sessions somewhere,
if
there's two extra seats on his lawn, he sends
that out to his members. Oh, nice,
yeah, yeah. So they get free access,
right? Like to, like, exclusive access.
Yeah,
you probably could.
What if you just said, like,
just not even to overflow tickets. Just like, just say that and then manage it later.
Yeah, like, yeah. Because, because the other, the objection I have that is, like, well, where's he coming? Like, is it even going to be in my area? Like that might be just like a, you know,
some people will fly stay I'm In Miami, that's true, yeah, and there's four tickets.
Maybe, maybe you reserve, yeah, like you were, you all, he always reserves five seats or something for his events, for his studio members, right? That they that, you know, and then, or like, we're going to eventually moving live, like one to two live events per year, like fun
location, yeah, hosted by by Ray.
Yeah, awesome.
Yeah, but yeah, that's smart.
Yeah, maybe we don't have to answer that right now. Yeah, no, no.
I think having the split, I mean, just again, cannibalizing that offer. I think having a good, good split like that feels right.
And then I think that we can continue to like, because I think it's a huge value, but like, there's probably, I sense, there's more value that we can frame in in that studio offering as we, as we kind of venture forth, and that is like being like, Oh, this totally is, like an obvious add to this, this tier.
And
come in
their career.
Yeah, right,
yeah.
And I think that's probably the ticket, if it feels like this exclusive club, you know that like there's these rays doing, like this weekly zoom, like exclusive, you know, yeah, where all that's happening, so, whatever,
right?
Yeah, I'll work on the wording, yeah, no, that's, I think that's good, though. Um, I would say when 149 feels like, like reasonable to me,
yeah, like no, wait, you guys and you're also gonna charge 10 grand for your in person. Sorry.
So we repriced your business.
That's true.
Yeah. I mean,
well, if he's charging 10 grand,
which it's funny, because it's actually applies to his whole business. Thinking that he's preaching is like, when? Because I remember him saying, like, you know, at some point when you're all your chairs, that's the trigger point when you raise your prices, when your chair is always when you have 100% Yeah, you know, then you can raise your prices. It's like, if he's getting 100% conversions on his events, he should raise the
price. Yeah, having no nose is a problem. Like, it means your price too low, right? So, but even right now, like he hasn't had time, like, we're not even, yeah, we only have, like, three or four classes. We've got to fill up, sure, but it's only February, yeah? So I feel like we have time, yeah. But do we have time? Like, I think the lead gen is really our issue. Yes, some of that will happen through the app, through salon subscriptions and like, you know, once you just start getting like, that'll help, yeah? I honestly think that this could be turned into, like, public speaking, yeah, like the demand pricing for people to understand that whole graphic that, oh, yeah, so many like, good, yeah? Like, the framework, that's an element, right?
And I think that it's probably something that's like missing, you know, because all these are just, like, all these people traveling are just, probably just skills work, you know? And it's no one's talking about that, yeah, what's the other side of the coin?
I think it's smart, yeah. And a lot of new people like, they have no idea. And even if you're existing, it's in the back of your mind. But you have to put it together in
that visual framework. Yeah, exactly right, right, yep. And then it's like, then the whole, then he's offering, literally building the solution for all those because it's like, because the next question is, like, I see that how? And he's like, here, yeah, here's the framework for that, yeah. And, I mean, it's just like, that's what this app is. And it's like, his value is massive, like, so, yeah, I don't think you need to be shy.
Yeah,
yeah. Oh, for sure, it's so hard.
No, I, I feel like it's so easy as a business owner to undervalue yourself, because you see all the it's like an artist, you know, they're gonna see all the flaws in their work, everyone else, yeah, yep, yep. It's like, well, what if I just, like, step into my own league, not arrogantly, but like, yeah, yeah, right, yeah. Because there's, I mean, his whole thing is transformation. Like, it's just like, the app, you know, the apple. Like, they don't sell iPhone, they sell convenience. Like, that's one thing they've said. It's like, he's not selling transformation. Like, there's a huge price point for people willing to pay for that, yeah, because that means, like, there's a there's a lot of upsides that happen to that. Right, mentally, like, just even, like, emotionally, psychologically, like not having to grind and work your life off the entire time, like encouraging people how to raise their prices, you know, and he can put his money where his mouth is and be, like, I raised a $10,000 I charge $10,000 for my in person classmates. That sounds crazy when people pay it, right, you know, right now. I mean the amount of money.
I mean, like, it makes people mad. Yeah.
Math. And
he's like,
Yeah, I know.
On that fast. His haircut prices, yeah, and he's completely pumped out for months. I mean,
people get mad that he can't get them in.
I mean, you have to book out. You have to book your next, like, two or three questions, or you're not getting back in. Oh my goodness, yeah. And his waitlist is super full. Yeah, he wants to not work this month that he has to meet the demand of his clients, and if he does not have any room for if someone has, like six or anything, which is rare, but every now and then, no room for You, or if I have something, if he gets
six, do I know 20% at least of your schedule free to where you can move people around?
Yeah, yeah, loaded, and he feels bad about he feels bad about raising his prices off and he doesn't want to
piss so he knows, like, what other emotionally over when you raise it just feels awful. It is. It will especially like in the industry, of like, it's such a personal you're literally touching their head all the time. You know it's like, even the pricing thing other day about haircuts, he's like, you walk in a massage and you spend 150 bucks over in an hour. Yeah? And the results no one can see, no, but you won't spend $100 yeah, or your clients, yeah, especially if you learn how to price anchor for your clients, yes, yeah, that analogy I just gave you exactly massage on our ADF. After kids, and no one can see the results. My hair comes last 18 months. Yeah, yeah, pretty good value, right? Yeah.
Well, he also he probably needs to be like, especially if he's kind of entering, he's kind of walking into this next league within his business, like, only for his sanity, like, that's number one, but also just from a, like, a value perception too. Like
he's eating like, $300 a haircut. Like, there's, there's an element there that's like,
yeah, see, and I would not be his customer. No, that's fine.
That's fine.
But there are people out, especially like Fort Collins.
Yeah, right, and he's well known too. Like, he's not, he's not, like, he's just starting off, like, going really good. I should charge 300
Well,
dollars, exactly?
Yeah, yeah, I've already gotten pushback, like, for my elite pricing, there's like, snobbery, like, really think you're gonna do they're gonna pay that. And I'm like, Yeah, I do, because there are people out there that need this kind of transformation. I can make it happen.
Yeah, right. And I'm limiting. I'm not gonna take more than two clients, or one client order for now, like, for this, for the big offer, you know, like, it's so there's an because I need to, I want to deliver, and I'll scale eventually, you know, be able to bring on people where I can scale and offer that, like, bring on more clients. But, you know, yeah, all I need is one. Like, you know, every quarter to say yes, right, yeah. So I'm not, it's okay if I get 40 notes for the one yes, you know, like, I can live with that.
Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I need to send you my write up, by the way, that's I've also been working for the just like, yeah, yeah, if you're still willing to introduce me, I've been not doing it on purpose, because I'm like, gonna wait until he's ready. Yeah, it's been good. I have been, I'm in the process of, like, just building my messaging, because it's, you know, you're so in it. It's like, you can get so complicated sometimes, and then I have to sort of step back and go, whoa. No, what is it that I really do here? You know, just make it really simple and and also not compare to others, like, what are? What are you offering? And I should offer that too, and it's like, no, like your customers aren't going and like comparing to all these other people. No, exactly, yeah, yeah. And yeah. So it's like, and ultimately, if I'm saying I'm literally offering 100% guarantee, like, if they don't get $300,000 of revenue gain in six months, then I'll write a check to return.
I know. So it's like, yeah, okay, I'm, I would love it. So, yeah, yeah,
I would, I would be thrilled.
Yeah, so it's, it's a pretty like, easy, yes, I feel like and that.