Speaker 1  0:02  
A perfect so that was recording the background, but great. Yeah, so marketing, and, I think a few things, so just like our launch plan, which, from that becomes, like, the marketing elements and things that we want, you know, assets that you want. So because I'm sure there's a whole, like, probably video strategy that you want to be on your Instagram, they're pushing out. That's fine, but I think, and what I what I can do for you, is like, we can kind of just, like, brainstorm here and and I'll just send you

Speaker 2  0:40  
the notes. Yes, this is really cool, yeah, not just like, trying to figure it

Unknown Speaker  0:45  
out on our own. Totally. I want it to be blow up.

Unknown Speaker  0:49  
I would if I wasn't. It's

Speaker 3  0:51  
like, if it does, I mean, this is going to help your business. Who's someone else who maybe knows me? It's like, yeah, who made your app? Yeah, right, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:00  
So I want this to be my grand slam testimony. Yeah, cool. So, yeah. So I think, like, so, one thing that I'm, I've really been, like, leaning into, is, have you heard of the Grand Slam offer by, by Alex Ramos. He's a, he's kind of a business. I like Alex, yeah, yeah. He's, he's, uh, he's, I think he's, like, one of those, like, polarizing figures. I feel like some people love him, some people hate him. It's like, I think that's kind of, you either love him, yeah, yeah. Which I like, that's kind of, I like, totally Yeah. One thing I think that he he's done really well, like, Yeah, but, and like, his strategies around the grandson offer and the complete magnets, I think, is

Speaker 3  1:43  
really I read. I didn't finish reading lead magnets. But I know I didn't really magnets. I read,

Speaker 1  1:49  
yes, which is like he talks about the grandstand offer and million dollar offers, yeah, but you keep going, because I don't know exactly what his Yeah, all entailed in that, yeah. I mean, so basically, the whole idea is that you, you have an offer that it's like, stupid to turn down, right? And usually that's through something that's free, like, of high value. So, so determining what that is is huge. And then the So, that's your, like, that's your that's your lead magnet, yeah. And then that Grand Slam offer is, is, like, they're, they're getting, like, say, okay, so you have that lead magnet, and then they say, you're, it's like, how you're, how you're packaging this, this, this whole thing, right, right?

Speaker 3  2:38  
The Grand Slam offers how it's all packaged, right? Like, it's all like,

Speaker 2  2:41  
like, the like, the like, the chronological, like, how they're presented with part of the offer is that, like,

Speaker 1  2:48  
pretty much, yeah, yeah, like, yeah. Like, what's, what's the value that they're getting from the actual what they're paying for? That? It's like, a no brainer, right? The biggest part, I think, that we focus on, is that, and I'm just throwing ideas out too. So is that lead magnet aspect? Like, what's the thing that? So, for instance, like, right now, one thing I'm getting ready to launch campaign for selling voice agents. And a lot of people are selling voice agents, right? So how do you stand out in the noise of that? So my offer is, like, if you don't see, like, a $15,000 increase in your revenue, you get all of it for free. Like, it's basically like, I'll give you, I'll write you a check for back. So it's like that, you know, and there. So it's every offer needs to be, like, built around, like, what we're doing here. So I don't know what that lead magnet is right now,

Unknown Speaker  3:43  
you know, because, like, it can look like a few things. It can

Speaker 1  3:48  
be like, exposing, like, a pain point for them, and some kind of, like, maybe, like a, like, in some instance, like a free calculator they get to see, like, here's the revenue I'm missing out on, you know, so, but like, and then you kind of leave, oh, we can solve that problem. You're always exposing the next problem, right? So that's like one model. In terms of this context, it's probably something that's like, it's, it's probably going to be like, either, like, a pretty, like crazy Free Trial or, you know, because you don't, you don't want to, and you can also like, pack in like guarantees. That's part of that offer as well. So that's like, the guarantee that structure that I talked about with mine is, like, you're getting, I'm gonna give you all your money, right, you know? But what's great about that is people are subscribing that thing. You have their email, and now you can, like, drive them to those upsells.

Speaker 2  4:39  
Yeah, they're calling that like in my studies lately, just like the low, sorry, the high trust offers, yeah, you drive them into the easy yes, and then you push on the back end.

Speaker 1  4:52  
Yep, exactly, yeah, yeah. It sounds like kind of the same, same structure. I like that label too. Yeah. Yeah, just like, easy, yeah. So yeah, what are, what are thoughts like on? Does that sound like something that you want to do?

Speaker 2  5:08  
Yeah, yeah, for sure. I think the question

Speaker 1  5:11  
is, I think what, yes, that is the next Yeah,

Speaker 2  5:15  
right, right. And I think that's the troublesome part. Is like figuring out what do sites actually mean and what do they actually want? Yeah, because it may not be about haircutting and maybe about revenue, yeah. And so like trying to figure out, like, what's their trigger point? Yeah, that they're gonna be like, yeah. And we kind of feel like we narrowed down the niche points towards, you know, we have this, what we call the three C's, and then we have the three R's, clarity, clarity, confidence, creativity and those. Once you have those, so you have to, and they go in order. So you have to have clarity for it, because you know what you're doing, which leads to confidence, which increases or opens up your

Unknown Speaker  5:59  
creativity, the sequence

Speaker 2  6:01  
of, if you have all those locked in, that leads to increases in client trust, which is your reviews, and then they're going to be sending you referrals, and that increases your revenue. Three R's, yes. And we sort of feel like those things hit on all the things that the silos are actually lacking, which is the confidence, like most of them are just they don't know what they're doing. So they have a skill gap, yeah, they have a confidence gap, and they have a revenue gap, and they have, they have low books, they like, don't have full books, yeah? So those are the four things that we're looking to like, improve for them, which, in the end, we just want them making more money, yeah? And we want them feeling really great about what they're doing, yep. So yep, we just don't really know, like, okay, where does that lead us in far in regards to, like, yeah, or the low tech totally, what is it, yeah? Like, we think, Oh, we have a really great undercover product that everyone's gonna want, because it's viral, right? But not necessarily.

Speaker 1  6:53  
What's Yeah. I think one thing an exercise that's helpful, because you kind of did that, like, because the broader level problem is revenue, right? Which is right, there's probably, yep. So if you, like, break those out. What's the problems under the problem? Yeah, it's, you said it confidence. There's all these things that you can start to like, and then I would, I would challenge, well, how could you break down confidence? Like, what are the problems from preventing them from confidence? Like, you could probably start listing a few things, you know, like, right? Like, oh, like, lack of knowledge, like, an actual skill gap, yeah, right, I don't believe in myself, right, right? Or it's like, yeah, I don't believe myself. Or it's or it's money, like, I don't have the money to pay for the education. That's a problem that,

Speaker 2  7:39  
yeah, you could do a whole master class on the three C's,

Unknown Speaker  7:44  
ultimately figuring out what is the question that they're asking.

Unknown Speaker  7:47  
Yes, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  7:49  
So yeah, we would have to kind of break that Yeah.

Speaker 1  7:51  
Well, what I'm what I'm getting at is like, if you can kind of get down to that micro level, yeah, that's good. And if there's a free product that you can, like, if you can solve one of those micro problems for free, right? Yep. And then what that does is, you've solved a problem to expose their other problems. Oh, there's other things. And then you go, you go, but we have that solution as well, right? For $49 a month, right? You know, right? It's like no exact, obvious next step for them, because they like the high trust, right?

Speaker 2  8:21  
Like, there's a lot of little things that I thought of, too, in regards to that same topic, of like, okay, so say, for example, they they know that they have a problem with, like, filling their books, and they know that you can get customers on social media, right? But they their page looks like, yeah, so then, okay, Ray's really good at getting people to come to his page. So he already has that like, level of like, oh, I trust Ray, because it looks like he's, he's knows what he's giving Yeah. So is there a product where it's like, you know, grow your Instagram following and increase your bookings, yeah?

Speaker 1  8:56  
Yeah, that we can then that's just one. That's, I love it, yeah?

Speaker 2  8:59  
But then the problem is, so we started out with, like, taking better photos. That's like, one thing that they can do, right? Taking better yes, that's great. And then, oh, but your photos are okay, but it's not really showing, like, your skills not there. So yeah, we can help you with, like, you can take the best photos in the world, but if your haircuts are not good, you're not going to get the clients or the whole thing. So we need you to come into skills, yeah, to get the skills. Then you can go back and take a Yeah, yeah. So not just one. I don't know if that's two.

Speaker 1  9:30  
No, that is, that's, that's, yeah, there's a couple there, yeah. I mean, I'm just thinking of, like, okay, let's maybe just think, like, dream a little bit. Like, is there a product that we could build pretty easily around solving that that's like,

Speaker 3  9:44  
that's what I was just thinking. So I'm like, in my head thinking like, a freebie right now, like again, to solve a pain point that people are, like, a lot of stylists are really they're just scared to put themselves on social media. And so I almost want to come up with. Like, here's like a free product of like, the whole it's like a video series, even if it's a video series, PDFs as well, I don't know, whatever, but like a video series of like, literally, how simple and how like, like, how does how to like, sort of baby step your way into creating content, because that is you can if you're not creating content, you're really missing out. And it's like, and I think a lot of stylists understand that they are missing out, yeah, and, but there's also more than just social media that you can build your build your clientele other ways, and you need to build it through. In my opinion, the two ways is you have to be involved in your community. You have to be you become, you become involved in in the, you know, 15 to 20 miles of where you live, yeah, whether that's through, whether that's through the gym, the local coffee shop, the work you know, the grocery store you shop at your kids school, your church, whatever it is, like, that's a huge aspect, yeah, how I built my book, and then tandem it you start tandem in with social media and just, it's almost like a course to, like, just again, learn the baby steps that you need to start taking, Yes to to start driving traffic. Yeah, so, and for me, like again, I could, I could break down. I was talking to SAS all morning because we had, we had our meeting, and then he was Jordan was here talking about because they are always asking, like, I want to create content, but I just feel so overwhelmed, or I feel like scared to put myself, I don't want to put my face up. My face up. Okay, that's fine. That's fine, but you have to start baby stepping your way to it. Yes, and so I could, I could make a very quick freebie about, yeah, how to just, like, how to create content that is not, it's just, it's just simple. It doesn't take, it's not complex. It doesn't gonna take video editing skills really, right? Like, and I could even show them what I use, yeah, to create my content. I think something like that is actually more probably hitting the pain point of, like, okay, that's more what I need. I need tools to understand even how to get clients in my chair, and then, oh, I could keep building my skills through hair cutting to where I'm putting the exact clients that I want, right? And that's what I could teach them. Is like, here's how to start baby stepping away into content, but then you need to start creating content that is going to make people want to, yeah, that will drive, literally, create, remove offering from booking.

Unknown Speaker  12:44  
You know, it's

Speaker 1  12:46  
like subtle plug too. Is just like you, because you could bring this, this app and say, like, we have this, like, stylus feature, you can get certified all these things, but like, that's not enough. That's right, you know, you can have the certification. But like, driving people seeing you is also going to be a huge element. Like showing all these back to all these vectors that have to come together, right? I you know one thing that you could do, because I'm just thinking, like, what's going to be? Because you don't want to go out, like, we have to create this whole course, sure, right, right? But like, what if it's a what if it's a

Speaker 3  13:15  
webinar, yeah? Like, in a format, that's like, yeah, absolutely. I could do, I could do it easily, yeah, just like we're doing this, whatever, one day, webinars, five hours,

Speaker 2  13:26  
well, to just listen to a podcast from a lady who's talking about, like, live selling is super hot right now, yeah, versus a webinar. So not having like slides and super polished but doing more of like a live selling event. Yeah, you're literally going on Instagram Live, yeah? And you're just doing this, like, scheduled, yes, you know,

Speaker 3  13:49  
like, video me all day, like, like, I'm showing this exact tool I'm using to create my content. Yeah, these are the baby steps you're gonna have to take, yeah, to start creating content, because you need to start doing right? It's literally, could literally change my life, my career, like I literally get, I can share this, like I literally get texts or notifications pretty much every day for someone new isn't gotten on my wait list or wants to go. So it's, that's where, that's the level I've gotten to, yeah and yeah. Could you imagine, even if you're getting one or two a week, right? You know, one week, a new client, a week looking on, booking online with you, yeah. And then your demand gets driven really high. Guess what? When your demand gets to really high, that's when you raise your price, right? And that's when you start, yeah.

Speaker 2  14:35  
So remember, you've already created that one ebook, which, which we can borrow a lot from, that we can redo it. Yes, it's called no vacancy stylist, and the whole it's like 10 things that he did to build his demand. Okay, essentially. And we could give that away as a freebie on the live so if they do something right, they give us our email address, whatever they get that it's a freebie, but it can just refresh it, or you can turn it into a video. Person, yeah, because that could, that would be really easy. It would take a few hours. And you can go through the whole thing like, this is, this is my blueprint for how

Speaker 3  15:09  
I can even do an audio that's

Speaker 1  15:14  
cool, yeah, we could do all three, yeah, whatever forms I like, out and you can get this whole package of things. I mean, that's, those are pretty low hanging fruit, pretty easy to do, right? Rather than just, like, very front of planning, which you have a lot of VR even, you could probably stay the stuff in your sleep. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, I think that's, that seems like a really intuitive one to me. Yeah. It's like, just got, because another thing we could do too, is you do, like, you go out and start pushing this like webinar. It's going to be huge value pack. Like, you're going to give away your secrets for marketing. Everything is in there, and it's for free. I'm getting it to you, and then just and then we could record like, the live Yes, but then repurpose it Yes, to make it like an evergreen webinar, yeah, yeah. Like, and, you know, you could sell the part, like, we're gonna record, like, don't hide that even on the webinar. Like, you could say you're like, the recorded one, yeah? Like, you know, hey, we're sorry you missed out on the live one, but since you hung out with us, we're gonna give you a free ebook. Like, yeah, from this, yeah. Like that as soon as they finish watching it sends them that little ebook, yeah? So they're just, like, no strings attached, like, value, yes, yes, yeah, because then they're that, then we can, like, do whatever we want with, like, email campaigns, and we're probably gonna be breaking in, you know, like,

Speaker 2  16:37  
because that's what we need. We need, like, better lead generation, because we've kind of exhausted, I mean, not really, but we've kind of exhausted our email list, yeah, yeah, our current

Speaker 3  16:46  
email list. Right now, we haven't really been, we haven't been the past couple months going, we have been going after totally, and that's the life. But I think, I mean, I

Speaker 1  16:55  
don't know that seems like a, that seems like a good

Unknown Speaker  17:00  
one, no, I think that sounds like a good point.

Speaker 1  17:05  
So moving forward on that, because, I mean, we'll probably, I don't, I don't know, like, we can figure out timeline on that, like we can be as aggressive as we want with that too, because there's probably some element of, like, you're going to be kind of running two campaigns at the same time, if that's the case, right? Right? The app launch, right, has its own thing too, but there's probably some benefit to that as well, because there's momentum build right, excitement from the app launch for existing customers and reactivating customers. Do we

Speaker 2  17:34  
want them to just like, what's the call to action? Do we want them to download the app and then they get the freebie? Like, with that?

Speaker 1  17:40  
Oh, I think, I think it's literally just like, sign up online and then, and then in there, you push the app. Also, I wouldn't make it, it's totally isolated value, because we're not asking them. All you're asking for is their contact information in exchange for this huge free thing. Yeah. I mean, I think the app is like something because and then you say, you push it in the webinar, the webinar, in the follow up email, we say, like, Hey, this is the app we talked about. And then did you pack that with value, even though it's, you know, has free content in there? Too. Obvious download I already trust, right? Yeah. So I don't think that's going to be like, a scary thing, no in there, but I think it will add friction on the lead generation, if you're asking the app download to be the requirement, yeah, that's my sense. So if you object to that, I'm yeah, no.

Speaker 2  18:29  
I'm just wondering, what would be their motivation for downloading the app? Like, what's in there? Immediately? Do they want?

Speaker 1  18:36  
Well, you're solving the next problem. So because you've already solved this problem of, like, content generation, right? And they can see, oh, that that makes a lot of sense, because it

Speaker 3  18:44  
because in within that webinar, I'll talk about how easily, how easily, by yourself, you can create, yes, content that it's going to get pushed to people already wanting to see this kind of content. Like, the reason my content works is because I'm making content with these specific things in it that will get the algorithm will push to people that want to see it. So that's why I keep getting I get booked with people online every month, yeah, every week. And because my skills are so good, yes, and because, because people like the way I cut. So I'm showing people in this one minute videos. They like how I cut, they like how I move, they like how I talk, yeah, and then they say, oh my god, I love this guy. I want to book with him. So this is how easily you could be creating content that is going to get pushed to the same people that are seeing my content. You know, it's like, if you make content like this, it will get pushed to the right people, yeah, you know, because we all know the algorithm shows you what you watch. And so people that are watching haircutting videos, people that are watching HAIR coating, they're just getting shown here cutting. So if you make a good one, it's going to get shown to them, yeah, you know, yeah. That's that I could teach them about. That's how that works, right? I can even talk about videos that I've created that don't perform well, yeah, didn't perform well. Here's the reasons why. Yeah, these videos perform great. And I get clients booking from them, and you can see they've done. I can show the stats on, you know, yeah.

Speaker 1  20:20  
And these are, these would be your like, social media videos, right? Yeah, right, yeah. So then for the app, though, because I think exactly that you're exposing the next problem is, like, my skills, like, oh, I don't feel confident in my skills.

Speaker 3  20:34  
I don't want to show my I don't want to show myself, yeah, I don't want to show myself cutting, because I don't know what I'm doing, right? Oh, oh, he can teach me how to do this? Yeah, then I can just copy this.

Speaker 1  20:42  
Yeah, right, yeah. I mean, it's like, the obvious next step, and it's a link away, yeah.

Speaker 2  20:48  
So you're showing them the glaring they have, like, an anxiety about but I know I have to, yeah, they go through this little funnel, and then you're and then they're like, Oh, the real problem is my skill set, so I have to start over here, and then I

Speaker 1  21:02  
could come back to this. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I mean, I think that's like leading them by the correct, right? Well, and you're solving two problems, they're both huge value adds, right?

Speaker 3  21:12  
I mean, I think that that they're both going to solve revenue problems, solving revenue problems, yeah, one's going to get you clients in a chair, but then the skills are going to keep them in your chair, yeah? And plus, attract them, it's like, it's all like a circle,

Speaker 1  21:26  
yeah? That's it gets me excited.

Speaker 3  21:30  
And I talk a lot about how, like, a lot of times, clients will try you out for a haircut. First, I'll try them for a haircut. Yeah? Haircuts always something. Someone needs color is always a luxury, yeah. I mean, cutting can be a luxury too. My cuts are like, it's also, yeah, but exactly, but they don't always come for the whole thing. And the thing is, cuts will never go. Everyone's always like, you know, this is human connection, yeah, it's a human experience. Yeah, right. Haircutting. And it's also like, living on cost of the time. There's no other than your scissors, a one time fee, a one time cost, then you can make all this money.

Unknown Speaker  22:14  
Yeah, you know, it's funny, because

Speaker 1  22:17  
I was talking to Chris about this, and she was like, she said, Gosh, I really want to like, I kind of, I would want to, like, buy the course that her immediate next thing was, like, about my social media, like, I just don't, right,

Unknown Speaker  22:33  
yeah, but she's great. She's done it before, I think,

Unknown Speaker  22:37  
and she's always like, I just feel like I'm overwhelmed. I don't have the time.

Speaker 3  22:41  
Simple, it is, yeah? Like, how I even approach talking to the client, about me getting content, like, it's just so easy, yeah?

Speaker 1  22:52  
Gosh, okay, that seems, that seems like an offer. That's like, the perfect one. It's like, that would you're just like, I'm gonna solve your problem. Here it is.

Speaker 2  23:03  
You know, it's interesting that even Kyle said that, yes, yeah, it was.

Speaker 1  23:08  
Reaction was like, like, oh, but like, this is like, there's always this, like, lingering monster I was

Speaker 3  23:13  
talking to Becky about this morning. She struggles with too, but she wants to, but it's like she's overwhelmed with, like, I don't know how to start and I don't want to put my face, I don't want to put my face on, yeah, so that's fine. Said, that's fine. Don't put your face out there. Eventually you're gonna have to, but you have to baby step your way into just creating content that, like, I'm like, literally talking about record yourself. Like record yourself, setting up your station and greeting your client, yeah, and then, just like, setting I love the mornings to quiet mornings. Setting up my you literally just put this on, just put text on, on your rail. I love setting up quiet morning, setting up my station, ready to start my first client of the day. Yeah. Can't wait to see you in my chair. Literally, that's content, yeah, and you just showed you. You just showed you. It's not you talking to camera. You're gonna have to use anything else, other than just a video of you meeting your client, right? Let's say yeah. You know, that's a good way to start or and I talk about just creating, like, small content like that. There's no video editing skills unless you want to put a filter on it, yeah? And you can literally do it right on Instagram, right? You know, stuff like that, yeah. So I could talk about the baby stepping your way to, like, creating reels, like, what I do? Yes, you know, what if?

Speaker 1  24:26  
What if we create the community on the app sooner than later? Yeah, and on that, you say, we already have the community, folks and like, share your share your stuff. I love that idea, because

Speaker 3  24:39  
we've talked about even people have these free communities, yeah? And it's always like, it's always like, these free views on Facebook, and it's like, you never know how to get into it. I don't know. Like, yeah, I'm not hanging out there, right? And like, it's almost like, yeah, like you could be like, getting into this content, this community, and like, it's not Pat. I.

Unknown Speaker  25:09  
Hey, buddy, I've been a

Unknown Speaker  25:30  
fasted right now.

Unknown Speaker  25:42  
Bad meetings. I

Unknown Speaker  25:44  
know we should go somewhere, like the library.

Unknown Speaker  25:50  
Why did we meet here?

Unknown Speaker  25:59  
You were talking about

Speaker 1  26:02  
the community aspect, yeah. And I think you could also,

Unknown Speaker  26:12  
well, that's gonna drive people, yeah, right.

Speaker 2  26:15  
So if we know what we're I feel like, I always promise the community stuff, and then I'm like, no one's engaging, and then, yeah, that's so stupid, because I know I need engagement, but when no one engages back,

Speaker 1  26:29  
no, it's true. Yeah, there's, there's probably an element of like, you have to be as engaged as you'd expect anybody else.

Speaker 2  26:36  
Doubly Yeah, and you just have to keep posting no matter what, until they're like, Yeah, I guess they want us to engage.

Speaker 1  26:43  
I think the good news is that the community aspect is just an a value addition. It's not a requirement for like this. So because I was thinking like, he's talking about, like, people are like, afraid to make videos, but you could say, like, hey, we actually have this community built out where, where you can, like, a roast community, where it's like, post your video. It's a safe place for just get feedback. I'll provide direct feedback on your video, right? Your social media video, give you tips, yeah, directly. That's brilliant, you know? Because then it's like, they you just like, are creating like this, yeah?

Unknown Speaker  27:19  
Yeah, exactly right. So

Speaker 1  27:24  
you know that that and that might just create its own engagement, that alone, because you're not having to, like, come up with some engagement, you're just engaging with some people are already sharing, and maybe weekly, you'll be like, Hey, I'm gonna let you roast my video, right? You know? And just like,

Speaker 2  27:39  
having, like, a schedule of, like, every Thursday is roast my video, yeah, every Wednesday is whatever, but it's something they're not going to get on it, right, right? They're not going to get it in an email. Yeah? So it's a really cool idea like

Unknown Speaker  27:53  
that, yeah, yeah. And you

Speaker 1  27:56  
know, you access it through the, probably, through the app, trying to think of like, there's, there's other, I think it'd be hard to integrate there. There are, technically, there are other, like, like, third party, like, community sites and school, yeah, yeah, right, where we could, like, you could, probably could host that a little bit, right? And I don't know if there's a way to embed that into the app, or do we just build our own UI for because we already have profiles, and that forces them to build a profile, which then now they're

Speaker 2  28:32  
kind of like that idea better than them having to download circle or like another to engage. Yeah, it would make more sense if it's like, oh, and this is another free element, right? Just for people who have that, yeah, and you don't even have to be a member, right? I don't know. Maybe there's a private membership, like a VIP membership or something, if you're, if you're a part of it, and you're paying, you get, like, some sort of special gold star membership. But if you're just in the app. Like, that's how a lot of them

Speaker 1  29:04  
work, yeah, yeah, because the only requirement is to download the app and make a profile, right, so that you

Unknown Speaker  29:09  
identify Yeah, yeah. You

Speaker 2  29:12  
can engage for free. I like that. So yeah, because they're already going through a vetting process of downloading the app, right? Like they're not going to do that just to control

Speaker 1  29:20  
people, yeah, and we can, we could manage that as it comes up. If there are, we find our Yeah,

Unknown Speaker  29:29  
military bots coming in. I have a

Speaker 1  29:34  
feeling that probably will happen for a hairstyling.

Unknown Speaker  29:41  
But, yeah, okay,

Unknown Speaker  29:43  
so, okay,

Speaker 1  29:45  
um, I guess that, because, like, yeah, that it would be the next step for that would just be being building the asset, which sounds like race, he just did

Speaker 2  29:55  
it, yeah. So when you want that? When do you want that?

Unknown Speaker  29:59  
Ready? We. You know, I don't think that.

Speaker 1  30:02  
I think that that's just going to be kind of split this into two buckets, like I said, with, like, our lead generation campaign and then the launch campaign. I think those are two different things, which the reason I think it's helpful to isolate that is that that's not going to prevent us from charging forward

Unknown Speaker  30:20  
on that. So there's like an app launch, and then there's like a,

Speaker 2  30:25  
what are we calling the actual, like, the luck, they're two separate ideas. The app launch is just to get people to download the app, whereas the other launch is to get lead gen so we can open up the app, right?

Speaker 1  30:37  
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's, it's, it's a, it's doing a lot of things. I mean, in some sense, this one is going to be like the app launch is going to only bring in some subscribers. This high value offer is going to bring in it's going to 10x

Speaker 3  30:53  
your lead. I am, I agree people. I think it's something. This is just something. Oh

Unknown Speaker  31:01  
yeah, tapping their feet.

Speaker 3  31:06  
We'll talk more about it. This is good that she was here to hear. I like, yeah, yeah. We can keep chatting about Yeah, for sure.

Speaker 1  31:12  
So we'll keep, we'll keep stewing on it too. And we can voice text as well. Keep throwing ideas. But I think this is good. This gives us a good like, okay, we can

Speaker 3  31:21  
narrow this down the next couple of weeks and be like, here's, I can framework it out, like, what all I need to include in this free webinar? Yeah? And then get started. I mean, because I think if I start talking about it, people go, Oh, this way, for free, what like, this is what I mean. Yeah, there are some other styles right now. They're about to do this event in California called Creator con. And it's a live event all about teaching styles, how to create content. What are they paying? I don't know what. How much is, several $100 yeah. And you like a thing, yeah? And I'll do a free one. It's virtual free, but it's with these big guy, man, I know, I know these guys doing, of course, the fancy guys and, like a bunch of a couple other, like, pretty famous creatives, it's a real touch point. Yeah, it is a huge touch point. And that's all i i hear so much, hey, Paige, to see you from all the styles I want to create content, and I don't know how intimidated, overwhelmed, yeah? And if I can give you, like, literally, a webinar, like, here's my system, and talk about like I can relate to, like, I literally didn't know what I was doing when I started. I don't, I didn't know I was doing for a long time, right? It was just me consistently creating content, yeah, eventually led

Speaker 1  32:36  
me to this, right, right? So let's, let's do this. So we probably need just a little bit of, like, some kind of promotional video. You'll want to have some Instagram things to be pushing out about the free webinar that's on this date. Yep, sign up now, like, and, you know,

Unknown Speaker  32:52  
automatically. Yeah, exactly. Sign up for the free webinar

Unknown Speaker  32:55  
now, yeah, yeah. So just start gathering leads now

Speaker 1  32:59  
and then. On a certain date you'll do actually do it, you know? And then I think we can also create easily, like, a very simple landing page that can plug into your into your URL that has that video lives there. Yep, the place where they'd actually still fill up their email, yep. And then, yeah, we just started breaking and leading. And then from there, we can, we can, we can figure out that campaign pretty quickly for the follow Yes, like, what's Yes, what's the drip,

Unknown Speaker  33:30  
follow up campaigns, the easy

Speaker 1  33:33  
part and how we're, you know, okay, download the app because page and are just saying, like, it probably makes sense to just build this community in the

Speaker 3  33:40  
app, but I agree, and that's I left the Facebook coming. It's like, people said these Facebook communities, but it's like, I'm just not there, right? So it's like, hard for me to jump in and engage, yeah? I feel like, if this is my own app, just all like, I'm literally there, yeah, like I'm so invested in this community because it's on my app. Yeah, that I can, yeah, one thing

Speaker 1  34:01  
we were saying is invite, invite hosts of like social media content. So you're in this. Be like, Hey, here's the app. We encourage you to like, this is a place where you can safely share your video content. Try it out, start doing it, and we'll you can get critique from the community around your videos. And you'll say, and I will respond,

Unknown Speaker  34:22  
safe space to like,

Speaker 3  34:24  
show your content, and we like, tell you, like, what's wrong with it, or what whatever do better? Yeah, yeah, I like that.

Speaker 1  34:31  
And then that's a huge value add for free right out of the gate. So it immediately that'll, that's, that'll be the obvious thing to the app. I love that. Okay? And then they're already in the app system, then their upsells are just there. It's like, yeah, brilliant. So cool. I think, okay, let's do it

Unknown Speaker  34:54  
all right, thanks for that.

Speaker 1  34:55  
Yeah, yeah. What else are we we can? Let's keep engaging about I don't. What your timelines like? I'm fine. Okay, I don't have to rush out and watch this go off.

Unknown Speaker  35:07  
Dude. This was 50

Unknown Speaker  35:08  
bucks. I was wondering what that that little watch was.

Speaker 1  35:11  
Yeah, it's like, it's a smart watch. It's a smart watch with, like, the health

Unknown Speaker  35:15  
track. Just get it on, like, Amazon.

Unknown Speaker  35:20  
It's all in metric, though. It is 20 degrees outside

Unknown Speaker  35:30  
right now it was negative three.

Unknown Speaker  35:35  
I like it slimmer, though it's like a little slimmer

Speaker 1  35:37  
than other Apple one. Yeah. Like fat, I know. And Well, the reason I got this because, dude, I sleep so heavy. I wasn't waking up like, and Chris, Chris asleep so light, so I can't set like, an alarm, because it would wake her, yeah, because it wakes her up, yeah, and she's pissed. Oh my god. And I wake up at like, four in

Speaker 3  35:57  
the morning, 445 5am and I'm like, I mean, I I I just do, I mean, my alarm page can usually kind of go back and sleep a little bit, yeah,

Speaker 1  36:09  
yeah, the Apple Watch wouldn't vibrate loudly. Like, yeah, you're like, I would like subconscious just like, yeah, turn it off. Yeah. So, okay, so I guess we can all write all this up into like a plan, okay, yeah, maybe, probably it's worth just sitting down and, like, thinking through like a launch plan. That's probably, I think, the answer the big question,

Speaker 3  36:36  
yeah, what are we what are we giving away? So we know what that is, I mean. So launching the community, watching the community aspect of the app, sooner than later, yeah, like, what would that look like? Yeah, let me figure out. Two weeks out around that might be an easy integration, but let me just see that's fine. You just you look into it. I figured out that's fine, and I'll get a better idea of what that timeline, okay, I don't think, I think that we're,

Speaker 1  37:03  
if we're looking at what, like, a early February launch, we're still, like, three or four weeks out, it feels like the pace is already going so well, yeah, that I'm not, like, concerned. No, no,

Speaker 3  37:14  
I'm not even so I'm not, you know, this is happening faster than I thought it was going to anyway. So that's good, yeah? So awesome. There's no like, stress from my end, other than like, yeah. I mean, I obviously want to do it sooner than later, but if we want to make sure everything's correct, yeah, that's all good. But I do like the idea of like, if we can launch the commute aspect, like, just watch that soon to start jumping in there, we can utilize that too, right?

Speaker 1  37:40  
Well, because that's also going to be an important aspect, because if you're, if you want to push that aspect in your webinar, it needs to be ready. And I do think we can launch this your webinar early

Speaker 3  37:53  
for the app. Maybe we could get like, a, like, a waitlist, honestly, yeah, like, or like, your baby, like, on like, you'll get email. As soon as the apps available to download, you'll get an email, yeah, just say hey. Like, by the end of February, we're gonna have an update, like, on this date the apps gonna launch, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  38:12  
and then yeah, we'll send you an email when it's live,

Speaker 3  38:16  
yeah, yeah, yeah. Cuz we don't want to, like, the only disadvantage is you wouldn't want to, like, lose the momentum from that's, that's the only thing I'd be worried about too, is like, yeah, if it's too far out from the launch of the app, then you lose momentum. And then they, like, forget about it, right? Yeah. So yeah, if we feel it's better to just wait for the apps done, then we can do the webinar. Like, yeah, whatever.

Speaker 1  38:41  
And maybe that's fine. Build all the assets that you need. That gives time to like, no and then as soon as the apps done, like, next day, you could watch this, this campaign, this leads campaign, you just Yeah, and that gives you, like, a month to start gathering interest too. Yeah. On the on the webinar, on the webinar, yeah. I'm sure, well, I'm curious how many leads just from that, from promoting it as well, and then once we repurpose it, we'll just

Unknown Speaker  39:11  
continue generating

Speaker 1  39:14  
So, okay, cool. I don't think there's anything else. Yeah, well, we'll be thinking about, like, the next the reactivation campaign to sure, like, how we want to approach that. You know, I think you probably just because you probably don't want to call out, like, Hey, you haven't been paid quietly.

Speaker 3  39:40  
Like, Well, yeah. And I think some of them have, like, maybe they're not been paying partly, partly because they literally won't even use it. I'm not using it. I don't even know. I don't think that any of them were, like, secretly using it anyway. Yeah.

Unknown Speaker  39:57  
So, yeah. So, well.

Speaker 3  40:00  
Know, Like, some of the people signed people do that, no, is they sign up for stuff because do this, and then, yeah, they lose it. They don't have time, or whatever.

Speaker 1  40:09  
It's probably, it's probably this. It's like, you already have their emails. We just send it. Like, hey, we Thanks. We're so glad you've gotten so much value. But now there's more, yeah, and, like, here's the app, download it, and then it would that's probably a good thing that they required to put their payment information again so they wouldn't think about it. Oh, like, oh, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  40:31  
which needs a payment information. Yeah, that's cool.

Speaker 1  40:38  
Paige did mention it's probably a question I should have asked when she was here. I could ask her to again. But the initially, when we thought there was like, two active subscribers, we were talking about keeping the go high level version up for those. But now that there's only like 20 something, it probably makes sense to just, like, just sunset that, yeah, and move everybody else over so that it's all just in one infrastructure. I think, I think that makes sense. Yeah, you're not having to update two places. I think that makes the most sense. Yeah, we can just update the app, update the app, yeah, yeah. I like that. That'll streamline your guys's workflows, too. So, all

Unknown Speaker  41:17  
right, man, anything else? No, I think that's it. Yeah. I kind of.

